(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
KION: Any sign of Ono?
Nope. Too bad he's not here.
Ono could spot Ono for sure.
Wait. There he is!
And... Uh-oh.
He's not alone!
(SQUAWKS)
Leaving so soon, Ono?
You've hardly had a chance
to get a good look around.
(SQUAWKING) Don't touch
the tail feathers.
Motion to attack from above
and behind at the same time?
Aye!
(PANTING)
(BOTH SCREAM AND HOLLER)
Keep out of our skies, Ono.
You won't be
so lucky next time!
Yeah. We'll catch you
sooner or later.
You guys couldn't catch
an updraft with both wings.
Good going!
Yeah! Mzingo and Mwoga got
a beak-full of dirt for lunch.
Thanks. It was a little
too close for me.
What'd you see, Ono?
The crocs and jackals
are still in Kilio Valley.
But the hyenas are
moving towards the volcano.
Maybe Scar
has plans for Janja.
Maybe.
The vultures chased me off
before I could
see anything else.
Sorry Kion.
It's okay, Ono.
I'm just glad you
made it back in one piece.
More or less.
It doesn't matter
what Scar's planning.
The Lion Guard'll beat him!
I sure hope so, Little B.
We need to stay alert.
Scar could make
his next move any time now.
ZEBRA: Panic and run!
Panic and run!
(WHINNIES AND SNORTS)
What's up with the zebras?
Only one way to find out.
Come on!
(ZEBRAS NEIGHING)
KION: Slow down, everybody.
You heard the lion.
Easy there,
zebra-deebra!
Is everyone calmer now?
(NEIGHS AND AGREES)
So, what made you
panic this time?
Jackals? Hyenas?
Dung beetles?
Uh, back there!
Okay...
So what's the problem?
The rock.
THURSTON:
The rock is the problem.
Something must be
done about it.
The rock.
Okay.
Let's go check it out.
Bad rock! Bad, bad, rock.
There. We done?
THURSTON:
You don't understand.
It talked.
The rock talked?
It most certainly did.
We all heard it. Didn't we?
(NEIGHING IN AGREEMENT)
A talking rock?
Like my dad always says,
"You never know
what you might see
until you see it."
All I see is a rock.
(YELPING FROM A DISTANCE)
Lion Guard! Help!
Twiga? What's wrong?
That tree. Over there.
I tried to scratch
my back against it
and it yelled at me!
It yelled at you?
Yes! It said,
"Careful. I'm standin' here."
First a talking rock.
Now a yelling tree.
Next thing you know the grass
will be singing.
You know what this means.
You don't have to...
Panic and...
Stop! Just calm down.
The Lion Guard's here.
Yeah. We'll protect you
from rocks, trees, and grass.
Okay. Everyone just stay calm.
Please.
We'll go check it out.
I don't get it.
I know the zebras
are easily spooked.
But not Twiga.
Yeah. Why would she
say she heard a voice?
Unless she really did.
Are you saying
the tree really talked?
No, but...
I think Twiga heard something.
Perhaps it was
an animal cry from far away.
Sound can travel
great distances.
Common knowledge...
(SQUAWKS)
Something ran over my foot!
I don't see anything.
Oops!
BUNGA: What is that?
Where'd you come from?
Who, me? Just pretend
you never saw me.
I think we just found
our "talking rock."
Where'd she go?
(SNIFFS)
This way.
What did I miss?
I can't see you,
but maybe I can smell you.
(SNIFFING)
Ah-ha! Here you are.
Not for long.
(SNEEZES)
Over here! I saw her!
Hello? Are you here?
I've never seen anyone
disappear like you do.
You haven't seen anything yet.
Whoa!
Is that your tongue?
(MOUTH FULL) Yes, it is.
Whoa!
That tickles.
(LAUGHS)
Hey, wait up!
We just want to talk!
There she goes again.
How does she do that.
Now that I've seen her,
I can tell you exactly
how she does it.
She's a chameleon.
Chameleons change
their colors to blend in
with their surroundings.
It makes them
almost invisible.
Ow!
Almost.
Okay, you got me.
Cool.
Amazing.
Nobody's ever been
able to see me before.
Unless I get really scared.
Then I turn
all kinds of crazy colors.
Well, I could see you because
I am the keenest of sight.
Keenest of sight?
(GASPS) You must be Ono.
You guys are the Lion Guard.
Yep, you got that right!
What's your name, chameleon?
And why did you run from us?
I'm Kinyonga.
And I ran
because you chased me.
Makes sense to me.
Sorry if we scared you,
Kinyonga.
We just wanted to know why
you were spooking
Twiga and the zebras.
Oh, I didn't mean to.
I was trying to be friendly.
Sometimes I forget
that I'm camouflaged
Camo-what?
Camouflage.
It's what we chameleons
call it when we blend in with
what's around us.
Let me show you.
♪ Camouflage is what I call
My neat ability
♪ Blending in is what I do
♪ Just look close
'Cause you won't see
♪ Am I here or am I here
♪ I change shades
And disappear
♪ Take a look
Hide and seek
♪ Yes my skill is so unique
♪ Well I could stay one tone
♪ But I won't
♪ So now you see me
♪ Now you don't
♪ Shadows that I make
♪ Might scare
An unsuspecting friend
♪ But scaring other animals
♪ Is not what I intend
♪ Am I here or am I there
♪ Could it be
That I know where
♪ Take a look
Hide and seek
♪ Yes my skill is so unique
♪ Well you can try to catch me
But you won't
♪ So now you see me
♪ Now you don't
♪ My colors change
To help me hide
♪ Wherever I might run
♪ But sometimes I just change
♪ So I can have some fun
(HOWLS)
♪ Am I here or am I here
♪ I change shades
And disappear
♪ Take a look
Hide and seek
♪ Yes my skill is so unique
♪ Well I can stay one tone
But I won't
♪ So now you
♪ See me
♪ Now you don't ♪
That was the most
amazing thing I've ever seen.
Especially the parts
I couldn't see.
Ah, thanks.
I was just doing what
comes naturally.
Well Kinyonga,
you can color me impressed.
Get it?
She changes colors?
I'm impressed?
Ugh!
It's nice to meet you,
Kinyonga.
But please be careful
when you're camouflaged.
You might cause
another panic.
Especially around zebras.
I'll do my best not to
scare anyone else.
I promise.
Thank you.
We've got enough to deal with
trying to figure out
what the Outlanders
are gonna do next.
Sorry I couldn't find out
more before
the vultures spotted me.
It's okay, Ono.
I know it's not
easy to slip into the Outlands
without being seen.
Oh! Oh!
KINYONGA: I could do that.
I don't think so.
There's some really bad stuff
going on in the Outlands.
Oh, I know.
Scar's back.
You know about Scar?
Yeah! I heard the skinks
talking about him.
The skinks talked about Scar?
Right in front of you?
It's amazing what you hear
when nobody can see you.
And Scar sounds like
bad news for everyone
in the Pride Lands.
Let me go into the Outlands
and find out
what's going on for you.
I've been there lots of times.
Nobody sees me come or go.
Scar's inside the volcano.
There are bad guys
all over the place.
What if one of them spots you?
Why would they?
You guys didn't.
She's got a point.
We really do need to know what
Scar's up to.
You promise to be careful?
I'll be in and out before
anybody knows I was there.
But if somebody
does see you...
Never going to happen.
And be back before sunset!
Yeah. You don't want to be
in the Outlands at night.
KINYONGA: No problem.
See you around!
Or will we?
Ugh!
(VULTURES SCREECHING)
(GASPS)
(STOMACH GROWLING)
What you growling at, Chungu?
CHUNGU: That wasn't me,
that was my tummy.
(STOMACH GROWLING)
Let's go find
something to eat.
But Janja told us to stay here
while he talks to Scar.
We're the look-outs.
What are we looking out for?
I don't know.
Whatever shows up, I guess.
Whatever it is,
it better be tasty.
'Cause I'm so hungry
I could eat that rock.
(GASPS)
Oops.
Where'd that come from?
I do not know.
But I'm gonna eat it.
Not if I eat it first.
(WHINES)
Hey, where'd it go?
Aw, You ate
the whole thing yourself.
I did not.
You did.
Did I?
Uh, yeah.
No fair.
I'm the hungry one
and you get the snack
And it was good, too.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
JANJA: Outta the way, skinks.
(SKINKS CHIRP)
Watch where you're walking,
Janja.
If you're so good at spying,
you can watch out for me.
You're late!
I was about to send
out the skinks to find you!
Don't go getting
your scales in a knot.
USHARI: Spare me your sarcasm.
And don't ever
keep me waiting again.
JANJA: Back off, Ushari.
You ain't the boss of me.
SCAR: No!
But I am.
And I have no time for
these ridiculous arguments.
Sorry, Scar.
But he started it.
Enough.
Janja, I summoned you here
for a reason.
You have the honor of
carrying out my latest plan.
It will bring suffering
to the Pride Lands
and leave them weakened
and begging to surrender.
Janja, take your hyenas
into the Pride Lands.
Go to the rocky river bank
above Hakuna Matata Falls
Wait for the cover
of darkness.
Then push the rocks
into the river
and block the water
from flowing.
Got it. Push rocks in river
and stop the water.
Um, how come?
It will cut off
a major water supply
in the middle
of the dry season.
And that's bad, right?
So, so bad.
Just take your clan and go.
I'm going, I'm going.
The Pride Lands
are about to get very thirsty.
And with thirst
will come unrest,
desperation, and chaos.
(LAUGHS EVILLY)
Scar! Scar!
Somebody's there.
Who dares spy on me.
Uh-oh.
A chameleon.
Stop the intruder.
Skinks, with me.
FULI: Kinyonga should be back
by now.
KION: I know.
I sure hope she's okay.
She should be.
Camouflage is very effective
at evading detection.
(SQUAWKS)
It sure is.
See? Or, did you not see?
I saw.
Ono, take a look?
Affirmative.
Watch out for vultures.
(FAST-PACED
INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
Hapana! Kinyonga!
That chameleon
couldn't have gotten far.
Spread out and search.
Coming through.
Oh!
Waza! You see where she went?
Well, she's got to be
around here someplace.
Find her.
(LEAVES RUSTLING)
(GASPS)
Everyone. Everyone.
I've spotted Kinyonga.
And she's being
chased by the skinks!
Heyvi kabisa!
Oh, no.
Time for a rescue.
Ono, lead the way.
Wait! What if the vultures
see us coming?
They'll call
for reinforcements.
We could end up
facing Scar's whole army.
So? Bring 'em on!
KION: Easy, Bunga.
We need to save Kinyonga.
Not start a battle.
But I think I know how
to get into the Outlands
without being seen.
We've got her surrounded.
She's in there somewhere.
Don't let her
get away this time.
Ow!
Gotta run.
Nyeusi! Nyata!
Use your speed.
Stop her!
(BREATHING RAPIDLY)
(PANTING)
(GASPS)
I appreciate the escort,
but I can find my own way out.
Very funny.
Ready, Njano? Now!
SHUPAVU: Ooof!
Uh-oh.
(SHUPAVU LAUGHS)
Now we've gotcha!
You're trapped.
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY) I'm sorry.
Were you looking for me?
(SNICKERS)
Doesn't matter
what color you turn,
you won't get past us again.
BUNGA: And you won't get
past us.
Who said that? Who's "us"?
We are.
(ALL GASP)
Leave the chameleon alone,
skinks.
You heard the tree.
Beat it!
The Lion Guard!
Let's get out of here!
Look at you.
And I thought I was
good at blending in.
We took some tips
from the master.
Are you okay?
Yes, but the Pride Lands
might not be.
Scar ordered
Janja and his clan
to block the river above
Hakuna Matata Falls.
Then we've
got no time to lose.
Let's go.
Okay. Here we are.
Here we are where?
Doesn't matter.
Just break up into teams
and start pushing rocks
into the river.
And nobody stops
'till the water does.
Cheezi! Chungu!
Yeah, Janja?
You guys push this rock.
But that's the biggest one.
Why us?
'Cause you're
the biggest furbrains.
Aw, thanks, Janja.
(CHUCKLES)
This is the easiest plan
Scar's ever given us.
(GRUNTS)
Hey!
This rock feels kinda funny.
Yeah. It's all... Squishy.
Who are you calling squishy?
And it's got a face.
What's goin' on over there?
KION: They just met
a talking rock.
Huh? Who said that?
I think you guys
are done for the night.
Ever seen a rock
with claws?
(ROARS)
(HYENAS YELP)
You should be more careful
who you push around.
That's right. Keep moving.
(YELPS)
Chungu. Cheezi.
Get back here.
And you... Stay away!
What...
Who are you?
KION: Can't you see?
I'm the one who's
about to kick your tail.
Wait a minute.
I know that voice.
(YELPS)
The Lion Guard.
I knew that was Kion's voice.
Where'd they come from?
How'd they just appear
like that?
KINYONGA: They learned it
from me.
Whoa!
Uh-oh.
What was that?
Uh...
I think it was my lunch.
But I thought you ate it.
Furbrains, shh.
You hear something?
(ALL SCREAMING)
(HYENAS SCREAM)
(COUGHING)
(WEARY GROAN)
Scar's gonna be mad
the Lion Guard beat us again.
So I won't tell him.
I'll say we
were beat by a bush,
a tree, some rocks,
and a clump of grass
It's that kinda thinking
that makes you Janja, Janja.
KION: Keep going, Janja!
We're going, we're going.
Thanks, Kinyonga.
Without your help,
we might not have...
Kinyonga?
Huh!
I wonder where she went?
How do we know
she's really gone?
(SOFT FLUTE MUSIC PLAYING)
Sorry, Kion.
I've looked all
morning, and I haven't seen
Kinyonga anywhere!
That's the problem with having
a friend who's a chameleon.
I hope she shows up.
I want to thank her again
for all the help
she gave us last night.
Wait a minute.
Look over there.
ONO: I bet Kinyonga's
camouflaged
on that rock again.
I have to say,
you are the nicest
talking rock I've ever met.
KINYONGA: Thank you.
And I must say you're
the handsomest zebra
I've ever met.
(ZEBRAS TITTERING)
Yes, well that's what
all the rocks say.
Kinyonga!
Oh, hi, everybody.
Where'd you go last night?
I thought you
might be mad at me.
Why would we be mad?
I scared those hyenas
and they fell in the river.
I broke my promise
not to scare anyone.
If it's Janja and his hyenas,
scare away.
Phew!
I'm glad to hear that!
But I won't scare
anybody else!
Excuse me! Do you mind?
I was chatting with my friend,
the talking...
Lizard?
(SCREAMS)
Panic and run! Panic and run!
(ZEBRAS NEIGHING)
Oh, no.
I'm sorry.
Not your fault.
Lion Guard,
let's round 'em up.
Again.
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪